docs: Add BIOS settings (#359)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/node/run-your-node/prerequisites/set-up-trusted-execution-environment-tee.md

[Intel SGX]: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/software-guard-extensions.html

> ## BIOS Configuration

Reviewer: Add empty line below.

> To set up a TEE (Intel SGX), you need to configure BIOS. First, **update BIOS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Intel SGX on your hardware you also need to configure the BIOS. First, **update the BIOS 
```

> to the latest version with the latest microcode**. Then proceed with BIOS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the latest version with the latest microcode** and then proceed with BIOS 
```

> to the latest version with the latest microcode**. Then proceed with BIOS 

Reviewer 2: Even better:
```suggestion
to the latest version of the microcode** and then proceed with BIOS 
```

Reviewer: This would actually not be correct as the BIOS version is separate from the microcode version and the BIOS _contains_ the signed microcode update.

> configuration. Note that not all settings may apply to your BIOS. In that case, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration as shown below. Note that not all settings may apply to your BIOS. In that case, 
```

> configuration. Note that not all settings may apply to your BIOS. In that case, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
configuration as shown below. Note that some settings may not apply to your BIOS. In that case,
```

configure only the relevant ones. Please set the BIOS settings as follows:

- **SGX**: ENABLE

> - **Hyperthreading**: DISABLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hyper-Threading**: DISABLE
```

- **Intel SpeedStep**: DISABLE

> - **SecureBoot**: DISABLE

Reviewer: Why does SecureBoot need to be disabled?

Author: I do not know why, but it needs to be disabled. Once, we had a problem with the Cipher node and did not know what was wrong. Then community member shared that SecureBoot needs to be disabled. So we tried, and after that, it started working.

Reviewer: Hm, ok maybe it had to do with loading a custom SGX driver which was unsigned (and secure boot requires signed drivers)? This should not be a problem for the mainline driver that is included in recent kernels.

Author: Added a comment that this setting is not necessary for recent kernels

- **All Internal Graphics**: DISABLE

> - **Turbo Mode**: DISABLE

Reviewer: Why does turbo mode need to be disabled?

Author: I am not sure if this setting is essential, but we always disable turbo boost if possible. Also, the community reported this one.

- **CPU AES**: ENABLE

> To test if your settings are correct, you may use the [attestation tool] for 

Reviewer: Also link to the tool's binary release (e.g. in parenthesis).

Reviewer 2: The link can simply be the tools release page https://github.com/oasisprotocol/tools/releases. I don't see why anyone would want to fetch and compile the tool manually.

Author: Added link to the tool's binary release in parenthesis. I've left the link to the readme because this is where the tool's output is explained. Hope this is ok.

[Intel SGX]: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/software-guard-extensions.html

## BIOS Configuration

To enable Intel SGX on your hardware, you also need to configure the BIOS. 
First, **update the BIOS to the latest version with the latest microcode** and 
then proceed with BIOS configuration as shown below. Note that some settings may 
not apply to your BIOS. In that case, configure only the relevant ones. Please 
set the BIOS settings as follows:

- **SGX**: ENABLE
- **Hyper-Threading**: DISABLE
- **Intel SpeedStep**: DISABLE

> - **SecureBoot**: DISABLE  `// Not necessary for recent kernels`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SecureBoot**: DISABLE  (not necessary for recent kernels)
```

- **All Internal Graphics**: DISABLE
- **Turbo Mode**: DISABLE
- **CPU AES**: ENABLE

> To test if your settings are correct, you may use the [attestation toll] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test if your settings are correct, you may use the [attestation tool] 
```

([binary]) for testing remote attestation against Intel SGX's 
development server.

> [attestation toll]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/tools/tree/main/attestation-tool#readme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[attestation tool]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/tools/tree/main/attestation-tool#readme
```
